Add timeouts info to security checklist (#2108)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/security/security_checklist.md

### Protect against brute force attacks

Consider introducing a measure against brute force login attacks, like CAPTCHA. Adjust timeout limits to your needs:

When using the "forgot password" feature, a token is created which expires if the user doesn't click the password reset
link that gets mailed to them in time. The time before it expires is set in the parameter
`ibexa.site_access.config.default.security.token_interval_spec`. By nature this feature must be available to users
before they have logged in, including would-be attackers. If an attacker uses this feature with someone else's email
address, the attacker does not receive the email. But they could still try to guess the password reset link. That's why
this interval should be as short as possible. 5 minutes is often enough.

Ibexa DXP allows you to create and send invitations to create an account in the frontend as a customer, the Back Office

> as an employee, or the Corporate Portal as an organisation member. You can send invitations to individual users or in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as an employee, or the Corporate Portal as a company member. You can send invitations to individual users or in
```
OR
```suggestion
as an employee, or the Corporate Portal as a bussines partner. You can send invitations to individual users or in
```

To be consistent with the rest of documentation on this topic and TOC in Back Office
